you
we're at sa here in Denver and I'm
Ashton maxvill giving you a sneak peek
at some 132 s new boots this boot is all
new never been anything like it and
snowboarding it's the Maven by joe
sexton you can see just by looking at it
how much shorter it is thinner than a
standard snowboard boot and how much
thinner the liner is in a standard
snowboard boot the reason for that is so
you can run it with jeans and have it
not look like a stormtrooper the top
really Slim's down you can slide your
slim fit jeans right over the top and
run it with your street where joe sexton
loves that style and it really fits him
this is the lightest boot in
snowboarding and JP Walker light super
light super great fit right out of the
box when JP Walker got these he didn't
want any tweaks or changes he wrote him
and loved him just so where they are I
just got done riding on for days in
powder in Utah super comfortable and
super light
this is the 86 fast track boot and this
brown color away with kind of the wood
grain looking hits on it is Chris
Grenier's signature color it has a look
of a vulcanized skate shoe and you can
see Chris granny a logo on the tongue
and this is our fast track lacing system
for 32 the fastest way to get in and out
of your snowboard boots for the first
time ever 32 is doing a collaboration
with DGK we're calling it dirty to dirty
ghetto kids plus 32 equals dirty to this
is the team to colorway of the DGK 32
collaboration and then last but not
least 32 signs Scotty Stephens outerwear
today and this is his signature color
way of the team to boot a nice clean
black boot with yellow pops and black
flexor now so this is by far the most
requested team boot every year for 32
the team too thanks have fun right
you